Learning more about programming today, specifically about classes.

Up until this point, every concept was easy to understand for me. Loops iterate through list and can be used for preforming a task multiple times, functions allow you to create 
multiple instructions for ease of use later, etc. But classes are mind boggling to me. Maybe because I just learned what they are, but wow. It's like everything else in programming 
was in the second dimension, but now its in the third. OOP is way more complicated than I inticipated. Hopefully I'll look back on this and think "I was such a dumbass, how did I 
not understand this?". 

Also, I'm thinking of starting a programming/cybersecurity club at my school. I suggested the Idea to two people, both people had no idea about anything programming related.
However, they seemed really excited and even wanted to help start it. I think they were more interested in the fact that I was starting it rather than what the club was about.
One of these people is a girl names Yumisha. I've known her since my freshman year. We've been talking for a while, and I feel like theres some sort of chemistry happening.
She seems pretty cool to me, I actually enjoy talking to her and I feel like she's interested in me for whatever reason, and that intrigues me. I could talk more about her, but I 
feel like saying anymore would be weird.

I've had relationships with girls before, but it's never been too serious, and I think the problem is me. A lot of girls are very high maintenance and take alot of stressful to 
deal with. I feel like they tend to think with their emotions more often, and not look at the bigger picture. I also feel like they would rather play out scenarios of their ideal 
relationship or their "prince charming" rather than actually commit themselves. This is why I think they get pretty upset, even about hypothetical situations and "what ifs". 
I don't really see that in Yumisha though, I see alot of her in me sometimes. One of the things I'm worried about though, is me.

One of my main problems with women is that I do not get emotionally attatched at all. That combined with my lack of empathy, and how self reserved I am paints a picture of a guy 
who doesn't care. I never expressed this to any other person, but I feel like I could explain that to her, and remove that quality from me. More than not though, it is a blessing.
I don't bend over backwards for woman like my friends do, I'm a realist. I have self respect and I know my worth, so if a woman insults my character or disrespect me I will call
it out. It isn't hard for me to block someone on everything, and never talk to them again. Like I said, I don't get emotionally attatched at all. 

Oh yeah, I also have decided to build and configure my own Raspberry Pi instead of commissioning it. I'll save money, It will still look cool, and it will have 8 gigs of ram 
instead of 4, and 64 gigs of storage instead of 32. I decided to do this because technology is ever changing, and if I want this to be my career, I have to lean towards practicality
instead of novetly. Not only that, but it will come with a keyboard too, just an overall steal.

I told Yumisha I was working on this. At first, I didn't tell her. I just said "It's nerd shit, hard to explain." but she just kept pressing it. I explained what my plans were
and she thought it was cool. I want to be honest when I say I built it myself, so I'll do it. 
